These Notes Are Totaly related to git and github : 
we gona start with multiple command line : 

1- how to make a repo in git : creat a folder then inside it write : git init (you will notices
a new folder could git do not touch it anless you want to make this repo a normal folder!).

2- how to chake files and folders status : git status ( green for add , red for deleted or 
not added).

3- how to add a files and folders to repo : git add .|| git add -A ( or use the path of the specifiq file
or folder ).

4- how to save changes : git commite

5- how to reset a file from added to untracked file : git reset . (or be specifiq)

6- how to throw away your changes and get back the last committed version: git restore . (or be 
specifiq)

7- how to link the git repo with github : 
git remote add origin https://github.com/abalahab370-ui/repo-name-in-github
git branch -M main

8- how to push content into github : git push -u origin main 

9- how to display all remotes : git remote -v

10- how to set remote to anothere repo : git remote set-url origin https://github.com/abalahab37
0-ui/repo-name-in-github

11- how to add anothere remote : git remote add backup https://github.com/abalahab370-ui/repo-
name-in-github 
(just changing the name of the remote from origine to )

12- how to chake the commits : git log 

13- how to log all branches : git branch

14- how to creat a new branch (it will get the same content as the current one that you are in)
 : git branch branch-name

15- how to switch a branch : git checkout branch-name

16- how to remove a branch : git branch -d branch-name

17- how to push a branch to github : git push -u origin branch-name

18- how to delete a branch from github : git push origin --delete branch-name

19- how to merg two branch : go to one and do : git merge dev  (you have to push it again )

20- how to slove merge conflict : when you try merge it will tell you to solve by yourself 
so you take decition inside the file what to delete and what to add and what to keep .

21- how to log all current branch commits : git log --oneline ( you can add --all for all project
Commits and --graph for visual graph ).

22- git checkout <commit-id> lets you view an old snapshot of the project (detached HEAD). 
To return to your latest work, switch back to your branch (like git switch main), which points
to the latest commit and full history.

23- git pull updates only the current branch by fetching remote changes and merging them into
it ; it does not affect other branches. git fetch only downloads updates without changing your
local branches until you do git merge 

24- git clone = always creates a brand-new separate project folder, no matter where you run it.

25- git stash temporarily saves uncommitted changes in a hidden stack so you can clean your 
working directory and switch branches safely, then restore the changes later using git stash 
pop. ( we can use also git stash drop to drop it and git stash list to list all stashs)

26- 